Add missing OPENSEARCH_INITIAL_ADMIN_PASSWORD for both apt/deb and yum/rpm (#7079)
opensearch-project/documentation-website: _install-and-configure/install-opensearch/rpm.md

    ```
    {% include copy.html %}
   
1. From the CLI, you can install the package with `rpm` or `yum`.

   ```bash

>    # For OpenSearch 2.12 and greater, a custom admin password is required in order to set up a security demo configuration for new installation. To set a custom admin password, use one the following commands:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   # For new installations of OpenSearch 2.12 and later, you must define a custom admin password in order to set up a security demo configuration. Use one of the following commands to define a custom admin password:
```

Reviewer 2: Added now.

    ```
    {% include copy.html %}
   

> 1. From the CLI, you can install the package with `rpm` or `yum`.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
1. From the CLI, you can install the package with `rpm` or `yum`:
```

   ```bash

>    # For new installations of OpenSearch 2.12 and later, you must define a custom admin password in order to set up a security demo configuration.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
   # For new installations of OpenSearch 2.12 and later, you must define a custom admin password in order to set up a demo security configuration.
```

   # Use one of the following commands to define a custom admin password:

>    ## Install the x64 package using yum.

Reviewer 3: Here and below, should "rpm" and "yum" be in code font, as above?

   sudo env OPENSEARCH_INITIAL_ADMIN_PASSWORD=<custom-admin-password> yum install opensearch-{{site.opensearch_version}}-linux-x64.rpm
   
   ## Install the x64 package using rpm.
   sudo env OPENSEARCH_INITIAL_ADMIN_PASSWORD=<custom-admin-password> rpm -ivh opensearch-{{site.opensearch_version}}-linux-x64.rpm
   
   ## Install the arm64 package using yum.
   sudo env OPENSEARCH_INITIAL_ADMIN_PASSWORD=<custom-admin-password> yum install opensearch-{{site.opensearch_version}}-linux-arm64.rpm
   
   ## Install the arm64 package using rpm.
   sudo env OPENSEARCH_INITIAL_ADMIN_PASSWORD=<custom-admin-password> rpm -ivh opensearch-{{site.opensearch_version}}-linux-arm64.rpm
   

>    # For OpenSearch versions before 2.12:

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
   #  Use one of the following commands for OpenSearch versions 2.12 and earlier:
```

   ```
   {% include copy.html %}

1. Choose the version of OpenSearch you want to install:
   - Unless otherwise indicated, the latest available version of OpenSearch is installed.

   ```bash

>    # For OpenSearch 2.12 and greater, a custom admin password is required in order to set up a security demo configuration for new installation.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
   # For OpenSearch versions 2.12 and later, a custom admin password is required in order to set up a demo security configuration for a new installation.
```

>    # To set a custom admin password, use the following commands:

Reviewer 3: Should "command" be singular?

   sudo env OPENSEARCH_INITIAL_ADMIN_PASSWORD=<custom-admin-password> yum install opensearch

>    # For OpenSearch versions before 2.12:

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
   #  Use the following command for OpenSearch versions 2.12 and earlier:
```

   sudo yum install opensearch
   ```
   {% include copy.html %}

   - To install a specific version of OpenSearch:

   ```bash

>    # For new installations of OpenSearch 2.12 and later, you must define a custom admin password in order to set up a security demo configuration.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
   # For new installations of OpenSearch 2.12 and later, you must define a custom admin password in order to set up a demo security configuration.
```

   # Use one of the following commands to define a custom admin password:
   sudo env OPENSEARCH_INITIAL_ADMIN_PASSWORD=<custom-admin-password> yum install 'opensearch-{{site.opensearch_version}}'

>    # For OpenSearch versions before 2.12:

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
   # Use the following command for OpenSearch versions 2.12 and earlier:
```
